then I returned and considered all the
then I returned and considered all the oppression that is done under the Sun
oppression that is done under the Sun
oppression that is done under the Sun and look the tears of the oppressed but
and look the tears of the oppressed but
and look the tears of the oppressed but they have no comforter on the side of
they have no comforter on the side of
they have no comforter on the side of their oppressors there is power but they
their oppressors there is power but they
their oppressors there is power but they have no comforter
have no comforter
have no comforter therefore I praise the dead who were
therefore I praise the dead who were
therefore I praise the dead who were already dead more than the living who
already dead more than the living who
already dead more than the living who are still alive
are still alive
are still alive yet better than both is he who has never
yet better than both is he who has never
yet better than both is he who has never existed who has not seen the evil work
existed who has not seen the evil work
existed who has not seen the evil work that is done under the Sun again I saw
that is done under the Sun again I saw
that is done under the Sun again I saw that for all toil and every skillful
that for all toil and every skillful
that for all toil and every skillful work a man is MV by his neighbor this
work a man is MV by his neighbor this
work a man is MV by his neighbor this also is vanity and grasping for the wind
also is vanity and grasping for the wind
also is vanity and grasping for the wind the fool folds his hands and consumes
the fool folds his hands and consumes
the fool folds his hands and consumes his own flesh better a handful with
his own flesh better a handful with
his own flesh better a handful with gladness than both hands full
gladness than both hands full
gladness than both hands full together with toil and grasping for the
together with toil and grasping for the
together with toil and grasping for the wind then I returned and I saw vanity
wind then I returned and I saw vanity
wind then I returned and I saw vanity Under the Sun
there is one alone without companion he
there is one alone without companion he has neither son no brother yet there is
has neither son no brother yet there is
has neither son no brother yet there is no end to all his Labor's nor is his I
no end to all his Labor's nor is his I
no end to all his Labor's nor is his I satisfied with riches but he never asks
satisfied with riches but he never asks
satisfied with riches but he never asks for whom do i toil and deprive myself of
for whom do i toil and deprive myself of
for whom do i toil and deprive myself of good this also is vanity and a grave
good this also is vanity and a grave
good this also is vanity and a grave misfortune two are better than one
misfortune two are better than one
misfortune two are better than one because they have a good reward for
because they have a good reward for
because they have a good reward for their labor for if they fall one will
their labor for if they fall one will
their labor for if they fall one will lift up his companion but woe to him who
lift up his companion but woe to him who
lift up his companion but woe to him who is alone when he falls for he has no one
is alone when he falls for he has no one
is alone when he falls for he has no one to help him up again if to lie down
to help him up again if to lie down
to help him up again if to lie down together they will keep warm but how can
together they will keep warm but how can
together they will keep warm but how can one be warm alone though one may be
one be warm alone though one may be
one be warm alone though one may be overpowered by another two can withstand
overpowered by another two can withstand
overpowered by another two can withstand him and a three-fold cord is not quickly
him and a three-fold cord is not quickly
him and a three-fold cord is not quickly broken better a poor and wise youth than
broken better a poor and wise youth than
broken better a poor and wise youth than an old and foolish king who will be
an old and foolish king who will be
an old and foolish king who will be admonished no more for he comes out of
admonished no more for he comes out of
admonished no more for he comes out of prison to be king although he was born
prison to be king although he was born
prison to be king although he was born poor in his kingdom I saw all the living
poor in his kingdom I saw all the living
poor in his kingdom I saw all the living who walk under the Sun they were with
who walk under the Sun they were with
who walk under the Sun they were with the second youth who stands in his place
the second youth who stands in his place
the second youth who stands in his place there was no end of all the people over
there was no end of all the people over
there was no end of all the people over whom he was made King yet those who come
whom he was made King yet those who come
whom he was made King yet those who come afterward will not rejoice in him surely
afterward will not rejoice in him surely
afterward will not rejoice in him surely this also is vanity and grasping for the
this also is vanity and grasping for the
this also is vanity and grasping for the win
win
win you
you
you [Music]